# iBuildGreen <br>
This project aims to develop a model of buildings' material content at the level of macrocomponents (e.g. roofs, walls, etc). The model is intended to estimate amounts of reusable components in the existing stock, and support the development of scenarios for circularity in the building sector. The model relies on data from the Danish national building repository (BBR). It is implemented via a combination of Python scripts (Jupyter notebooks as shown on this GitHub repository) and a PostgresQL database. The Jupyter notebooks provide most of the scripts necessary to build and modify the database.<br><br>
Beside providing information on the iBuildGreen model, the notebooks can be useful to anyone working with similar data. In particular, the notebooks indicate how to work with data from the Danish building registry as well as the Danish building LCA tool, LCAbyg.<br><br>
The notebooks are organised as follows: <br><br>
1a, b and c: Importing, formatting and cleaning data from BBR. The notebooks indicate how to obtain data from the Danish building registry in both XML and JSON formats, parse it and import it into a PostgresQL database. In addition, notebook 1c includes some procedures for cleaning the data and removing records that show obvious errors.<br><br>
2: Associating buildings with macrocomponents. This notebook shows the procedure followed by the iBuildGreen model to estimate what types of components (roofs, walls, etc) might be found in each building recorded in the database. The catalogue of macrocomponents is described separately in an Excel spreadsheet.<br><br>
3: Associating macrocomponents with components and products from LCAbyg. This notebook show how to import data on components and products from the LCAbyg building LCA tool, in order to describe in more details the material content of the macrocomponents defined in step 2. Using LCAbyg data is both a way of making use of an existing resource, and of enabling further integration with LCAbyg in the future.<br><br>
4: Quantifying material amounts. The material content of each building is estimated based on available information on building dimensions imported in step 1, and information on the material content of each component from step 3.<br><br>
5: Retrieving information. This notebook includes some functions to query the database and retrieve information about specific buildings, or import all results into a data frame for visualisation and analysis.<br><br>
6: Modifying material amounts. This notebook examplifies ho w material amounts in the database can be modified for specific components after the initial quantification, in order to refine the estimates.
